# DATA-SCIENCE-IN-THE-AGE-OF-COVID.
In this study, features are investigated and academic achievement of students throughout the pandemic is predicted using classification algorithms using Machine Learning. 
ABSTRACT:
The COVID - 19 outbreak has had an impact on many aspects of our daily lives. Especially in the sector of education, where students are required to participate in online education (distance learning), which keeps them away from interactive courses. Students lack practical experience and knowledge as a result of online learning, making it difficult for them to achieve their goals. This study focused on the difficulties that students and teachers experience when it comes to Distance Education. Geographic Information Systems (GIS), Web-enabled GIS with Spatial analytical tools, mapping and web-mapping applications, and virtualization techniques are some of the tools used in Spatial Data Analysis to tackle the difficulties in the education sector. Geographic Information System (GIS) is the most efficient of these spatial analytical tools for obtaining academic discipline results in the respective sector. Despite the fact that COVID - 19 provides a wealth of opportunities for relevant lessons on the significance of remote mapping and analytical tools, it leads students to think limited and remotely. Additionally, educators should regularly adjust to practices in the educational system, which may result in "pedagogic agility" (defined as a distance in education or a less participatory class) in both students and educators (teachers). Since rising public awareness and use of interactive maps and dashboards sparked interest in spatial thinking as a result of GIS technology being newly incorporated into numerous academic fields and it is also expanding their collaboration with colleagues. Overall, this study uses principles from spatial geography to investigate how online learning has evolved and the effects of Distance Learning using a Geographic information System (GIS) Spatial tool.

CONCLUSION:
The current study found that COVID-19 pandemic lockdown had various degrees of impact on most participants' academic performance. Students can stay on track with online education since it allows them to study at their own pace. The biggest problem in online education, however, is how to deliver practical instruction. Because most of the subjects are practical, learning them online is difficult. Students believe that completing competencies only through online education is difficult. Making online education more interactive, presenting practical methods in real-life circumstances, delivering clear information, and providing 3D virtual tools to imitate the real situation are all things that may be done to improve it.
